Draytronics Keyboards Refactor & Daisy V2 MacroPad Addition (#23873)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/draytronics/daisy_v2/readme.md

Reviewer: Please add bootloader instructions as per the [template](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/blob/260e9a546ebfa3f6f0f32038c99751122f53d131/data/templates/keyboard/readme.md).

# DAISY V2

> ![daisy](https://www.draytronics.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/repository-open-graph-template-v2.png)  

Reviewer: This image should be rehosted on Imgur.

An open source macro pad with a rotary encoder and OLED panel, this is an alternative version to the original through hole Daisy kit. More info / PCB designs available at [draytronics.co.uk/daisyV2](https://www.draytronics.co.uk/daisyV2)

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Blake Drayson](https://github.com/ghostseven)
* Hardware Supported: DAISY PCB V2 / STM32F072
* Hardware Availability: [draytronics.co.uk](https://draytronics.co.uk)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile -kb draytronics/daisy_v2 -km default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     qmk flash -kb draytronics/daisy_v2 -km default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make draytronics/daisy_v2:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make draytronics/daisy_v2:default:flash
```
